5.next: Capability interfaces for reversible vs directional migrations (#1086)
cakephp/migrations: docs/en/upgrades/upgrading-to-capability-interfaces.md

# Upgrading to Capability Interfaces

> Starting with 5.next, cakephp/migrations ships two capability interfaces that let migrations declare their style explicitly:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting with 5.2.0, cakephp/migrations ships two capability interfaces that let migrations declare their style explicitly:
```
